The operational definition of the dependent variable is quickly recalling the definitions.

The ethical flaw of failing to protect the participans' rights to privacy can be corrected by not providing a list of names and test scores for each individual to all participants.

The research design flaw can be corrected by randomly assigning participants from a population. The two groups after randomly selecting participants to one of the two groups after randomly selecting participants from a population. The two groups should not have been differentiated by case group.

In a well-designed study, to say there is a statistically significant difference between groups means that the difference between the groups can be attributed to the independent variable and cannot be explained by chance alone.

B. Fluid intelligence might affect the results of the study because it decreases with use so group B, which is made up of older participants, would be at a disadvantage in processing novel information. This caused group B's scores to be lower.

(ircadian rhythm might affect the results of the study because it is the body's adjustment to the cycle of the day and the exam was given at 7 am. Because of arcadian rhythm, the body is most caused in the middle of the day when the sun is out, so a test that is given at 7am will have lower scores than if it were given later in the day. Also, with old age, circadian rhythm ccycles earlier and older individuals are less active later at night so group B was affected negatively because the studying lasted until 8:30 P.M. The operational definition of the dependent variable is the speed at which participants are able to define vocabulary terms that were previously learned. The ethical flow of the study can be corrected by only receiving your test results as opposed to receiving everyone's because this breaths the confidentiality ethical guideline. The research design flow can be corrected by making the participants in group B the same age as in Group A to better measuer the effectiveness of missed distributed practice.